Websites I like or hate

1. www.otisvis.com
This is MY WEBSITE! 
A handful of months ago, before I started schooling again I set out to learn HTML and CSS, and I was rewarded with a cute website I made all on my lonesome. It is obviously super small, but I am so proud of it, and I think it will make a great benchmark for my progress forward in this field. I like the look of it, and I did a few small things that I think are really awesome in terms of website design. The biggest is the responsive scale and positioning of elements on the page, and also it has a cool hover color on the main buttons. I also made the logo an svg so hopefully it scales gracefully as well.
2. https://www.wikipedia.org/
Wikipedia looks so great! The homepage is very nice looking, and I think they put essential things right in your face when you open it. I like websites that don't bother with all the extra junk, because that makes me want to go back. When so many sites are blasting you with content it is nice to find one with so much whitespace.
3.https://www.yahoo.com/
I really hate yahoo. It is such a information overload. Usually on loading you are instantly looking at way too many news headlines, and random images everywhere. I also think the massive banner ad they put at the top is so funny. I loathe this websites look. It is the oppposite of wikipedia.
4.https://www.netflix.com/
I think these movie websites are interesting. They feel like they are one of the few examples of a website being designed for devices that aren't a PC. It makes sense, because of where media of that sort is consumed.
5.https://play.date/
Here's a fun one. This is a website advertising a cool little handheld arcade game device that I got for my girlfriend a while back. I really like websites that are trying to advertise because they are so cohesive, and I think they do whatever they can to give the viewer a seamless experience. These kinds of websites are almost like a video, as you scroll everything is planned out, and organized around the way your attention travels across the screen. This one in particular is really nice, and I like the theme and look of the page.
